Halluce is a decentralized video marketplace that has been built on top of the Solana blockchain. It supports the creation and sale of non-fungible tokens (NFTs) that are in the form of videos. It allows users to buy and auction such videos that have been distributed on social media. You can think of Halluce as a fun stock market in which videos (in the form of NFTs) are like stocks and the performance and success of these videos on social media drive their stock price on Halluce. We provide a marketplace that allows you to use cryptocurrency for buying and selling these NFTs as an individual or in groups. A fancy word for these groups is a DAO (Decentralised Autonomous Organisation) and forming these groups will be as simple as starting a Whatsapp Group. 



The best part about Halluce is that it doesn't matter what kind of video content you're betting on - whether it's funny cat videos, social media challenges, or politics-related clips - because we provide support for all original videos from all major social media platforms, including TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, Youtube and more. However, this excludes sex, nudity, harmful, offensive and inappropriate content. 

We apply three-factor authentication to ensure that the NFT creator is the owner and original creator of the video they're selling. Anyone who is a part of the video for a reasonable amount of time and speech can be accommodated and accounted for when it comes to royalties since they are also contributors.



It is very difficult to locate where original videos are being reshared online but Halluce solves this problem. The secret behind the scenes of our marketplace's magic is an ecosystem and community that will be incentivized to offer the marketplace with links to republished videos. When this happens the relevant virality indicators (performance statistics) for such video will be sent back to the video hosted on our site. The data will be given to us by our users in exchange for our marketplace social token, Halluce tokens, as part of the deal. These tokens will be made available via the sale of the NFT video that they'll be contributing data to. After these users provide Halluce with links to where videos are being republished on the internet our software will check the video upload in question to validate its legitimacy and remove data from sources that are already recorded. This ecosystem will allow us to follow where a creator's video is republished and reshared on social media. The ultimate objective is to link this human video data "mining" community with software that collects the appropriate data from several social media platforms cleverly and efficiently, similar to how Google finds information that we search for online. Our marketplaces algorithm is then designed to maintain valid views, likes, and reshares as the video's popularity changes. With a combination of our community and software, we believe that Halluce will be the most dependable NFT platform for investing in viral videos online. You'll never have to worry about inaccurate video virality data when using our marketplace.
